Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologists. Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing your
show number four 38. In
this episode, Scott talks with
dr. Gordon Ziegler creator of
trans hack. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman. This is another
episode of Hansel minutes, and
I'm chatting today with dr.
Courtney Ryan Ziegler. Dr. Ziegler
is based in Oakland and
has a wide body of
artistic and academic work focusing
on queer and trans issues
and is the founder of
this amazing new thing called
trans hack. Thanks for joining
me. Thank you for having
me excited. Thanks. So you
you've got not just a
PhD in African American studies,
but in fact, the first
person to get a PhD
in AA studies from Northwestern.
Yep. Does that mean that
it was the beginning of
that program or did you
help design that program? How
does that work? Yeah, I,
wasn't a PhD in 2005
at university of Illinois, and
I wasn't feeling that program.
And at the same time,
Northwestern was, I guess, developing
their PhD. They had an
undergraduate degree in African American
studies at their school, but
they were becoming the seventh
program in the country at
that time to develop a
PhD doctoral level studies. So
I threw my hat in
the ring and decided to
apply. And I was part
of the first cohort. There
were five of us accepted
in 2006 and I crossed
the finish line in 2011.
That's fantastic. And you've been
online and kind of in
the, in the online space
for years now, over 10
plus years, you had a
popular blog going back as
far as 2003. Did that
blog, was that your first
foray into online in the
online space? No, I think
I tweet about this a
lot, but I was a
child of like the 19
nineties.com thing happening. Right. So
I got my first computer
when I was 15 and
was chatting on AOL and
prodigy and all of those
things and taught myself how
to develop web pages through
the internet and all the
AOL just that I would
get in the mail. So
I guess that would be
my first foray into like
Online life, developing this profile.
And not only that, but
finding people and connecting with
people and building relationships over
the years and how these
identities have shifted as different
technologies have emerged. Right. Shifting
from AOL to prodigy to
friend, sir, I remember than
my space, but you know,
and everybody's aging, but we're
aging through social media. So,
and then, yeah, once I
got addicted to the internet,
I just never stopped. And
when I was in graduate
school, one of the things
that helped me a lot
was putting my work online
and connecting with other scholars
who felt some sort of
isolation in the Academy, or
just felt that they weren't
smart enough to be there,
whatever they felt, I needed
some sort of connection. So
I felt that way and
started blogging and my blog
became extremely successful and won
multiple awards and things like
that. And I stopped blogging
in 2006 because I was
entering my doctorate well into
my doctoral studies at Northwestern.
So, so yeah, it was
great. I remember being part
of, I guess, w you
know, a data where at
feminist blogosphere, right. That's what
it was called and the
early two thousands. And it
was great connecting with all
these women and queer folks
and writing articles before think
pieces where like the official
thing to do, we have
blog carnivals and all kinds
of awesome stuff. So Yeah,
this was really on the
forefront. Your blog was called
Blackademic and it seemed like
it was really the beginning
of academics getting online. And
I think your point there
that people felt disenfranchised by
academia itself and when basically
went online to create their
own academic circle for deep
think pieces and analysis online.
Exactly. And you were one
of the first people to
do kind of grassroots funding.
Again, all these things that
we take for granted in
2014, when you went in
2000, I think it was
2007 to 2008 to do
your first film, you and
your producer went online to
do a, get your funds.
Exactly. Thanks for bringing that
up. I, yeah, I, but
I follow the method with
other black queer filmmakers have
done before me, which is
yeah. Kickstarter before there was
Kickstarter, you know, crowdfunding locally,
you know, amongst your community
and your friends and activists
and things like that because
they want to see the
story to be seen. Right.
So I use Blackademic to
crowdfund for still black eye
shots. And maybe if three
minutes, like really just basic
basic trailer of a black
trans man, his name is
Ethan, even Thomas Young. And he
lives in Ohio and shot
his little interview, whatever, and
put it on the internet
and was like, I'm trying
to raise money for this
film. And if you contribute
to my film, you will
be credited in the credits
forever for, you know, contributing
to history. And there was
no, there weren't any perks
or any things like that.
It was just like, you,
you know, no matter what
you donate, you know, you
will be credited because this
is important. It hasn't been
done before. And we raised
a significant amount of funds
to have the film complete.
And if you watch it
today, it still has all
the lists of all the
funders who really helped to
make history from $5 to
a thousand dollars to $2,000.
People really put all their
pockets to help make this
film. So, Wow. So a
bunch of little associate producer.
Exactly. And this is in,
you know, like you say,
almost seven, eight years ago
now, and that of course
went on to win a
number of awards for best
documentary and at film festivals.
And as you're, as you're
looking at this, this space
online, and you're a creative,
you're an academic, you've made
a film, you also do
public speaking. How did you
move though into tech? Because
I don't see programmer or,
or, or hacker on your,
on your resume until recently?
Yeah. Well, I'm not a
programmer, but I think I've
always been a hacker. And
when I think of hacker,
I think of someone who
right. Really uses technologies that
make something new, right. Kind
of pulling together from different
things. Like I said, I'm
a self-taught web developer, and
that has been an important
skill that I've used to
not only develop my blog
in the early two thousands,
when all you had was
like blogger and some plugins.
And if you knew, you
know, HTML and CSS, you
could really make something awesome.
Right. So that was definitely
part of my, not only
like online development as developing
my scholarly voice, but my
technical voice. And also as
a filmmaker, I think when
we think of tech, we
limit it to programming. And
that's a problem because we
never really talk about how,
you know, being able to
have software literacy as part
of tech, right. Being able
to use these programs, to
tell our stories. And so
I'm also a self-taught editor
and filmmaker and everything that
I've done. Like, for example,
when you watch the black,
you see that I edited,
I did the sound, I
did, you know, I was
a cinematographer and those things
take technical skill that we
don't really give legitimacy to
or credibility to. And so
that's important. So I've always
had a technical background, but
I really wanted to shift
that yet. So I'm really
working to shift what the
idea of tech is, but
also living in the Bay
area, Silicon Valley, I guess,
participating in tons of hackathons
and tech events as a
filmmaker, as an artist, as
a scholar, I really got
to thinking like, wow, this,
this, this space is really
awesome for collaboration and innovation
and all these kind of
buzz words, people type toss
around. It's important. It will
be great if I could,
you know, utilize the space
in a different way than
just, you know, knowing these
skills, but also trying to
bring visibility to the community
that I am, that I'm
in. And so that's when
I kind of devise transact.
So Is the goal to
bring visibility of the existence
of tech and the idea
of technical literacy to the
trans community, or is it
to bring the visibility of
the trans community into the
tech space? Or is it
a little of both? It's
both, it's all of that.
It's to, you know, give
trans people a representation of
themselves that were there, we're
early adopters of multiple types
of technologies that I don't
think were, were included in
those discussions of that, right.
We're consumers of technology as,
so there's all these. So
there's multiple angles in which
my goal with trans transac
and the work that I
do is trying to address,
and also really focusing on
how to funnel, you know,
resources to the community, right?
I think, again, living in
here in Silicon Valley where
there's so much wealth and
so many, you know, wealth
given to people with, again,
using a buzzword, innovative ideas,
our community is very innovative.
We're brilliant where some of
the most highly educated people
in the country, if you
look at our statistics, but
we're also the most underemployed
and unemployed and discriminated against.
So why not really focus
on a space in which
there's so much possibility and
focus on the trans people
who are part of that
possibility and those who wants
to be included as well.
So, So you brought up
an interesting point that, you
know, the statistics, education, statistics
show that transgender people have
advanced degrees have, but again,
have a high high rate
of unemployment, unfortunately, high rate
of hopelessness homelessness, and the
average income is very low.
W why is that? Why
are, why are they so
disenfranchised Discrimination people, you know,
there's, there aren't any up
until recently now. And there's,
you know, president Obama about
a few weeks ago signed
an executive order to cover
Trent coverage, gender identity, and
workplace protections, right? And so
prior to that, there's still
like 36 States, 32 States
where you can fire somebody
for not only being trans,
being gay, queer, whoever, you
know. And so without policy
and legislation, I think to
protect people there, it doesn't
matter how amazing and brilliant
you are when people are
legally allowed to discriminate against
you. Right? So there's that
side. There's also just ignorance.
People are ignorant. I think
people fear a lot of
the unknown and those trends
is very visible now and
shifting so many perspectives and
identities and, and, you know,
trans is almost like a
household transgender, at least as
almost a household term now.
And people are learning what
ASIS is and cisgender and
all these different uses of
pronouns and things like that.
It's great. That's also not
translating into people. Hiring trans
people are really doing the
work to figure out that
yeah, you do have a
community of people who are
just so highly educated, but
because there's not enough, I
guess, pushed to, to discuss
that it leads to disinfect
to, to disparity of all
sorts. So, Yeah, I think
that when in the early
nineties, late eighties, when I
was in high school amongst
peer, my peers and peer
groups, there was a lot
of out there in the,
in the open discrimination against,
against gays. And then the,
and this is just one
example, but then when you
started to see shows like
will and grace and more
gay people on television fast
forward 20 years, and you
have a young, a group
of young people, who've grown
up and seen that, and
you can see while there's
still bullying in schools. I
have seen, at least in
my kids' schools, people basically
saying, Hey, man, that's not
cool. Like we don't do
that, that they even joke
about that on the movies
like 21 jump street, where
a kid who went to
high school in the eighties
comes in and immediately finds
the first gay kid and
punches him in the face,
thinking that that would make
him cool, but he missed
out on 20 years of,
of change and of, of
progressiveness both in the media.
And, and then that became
an inappropriate thing for him
to do. And that was
joked about in this movie,
but in the, in the
trans space, it's only been
the last, maybe two years
when we started to see
transgender people get recognized for
their work in movies. Like
for example, Lorraine Cox was
on the cover of time
recently and is on oranges,
new black, suddenly that issue
is coming to be in
the forefront. Do you think
fast forward, 20 years that
we'll see that same kind
of a sea change happen
that we are beginning to
see or have seen amongst
the gay and lesbian space?
I hope Not because if
it's like this in 20
years, that means we haven't
made that much progress. Right.
So I think like images,
you know, women like the
Vern costs are so important
in Janet mock and people
like Tyler Broaddus and all
of these figures who are
really Pudding, You know, even
myself, I always include myself
in, in, in this kind
of shifting of, of discussions
through trans individuals and trans
voices and, and advocacy. But
yeah, it's definitely gaining the
momentum and that's great because
again, it brings up issues
of how do we shift
policy? How do we, you
know, hire more trans people?
How do we even know
that trans people even exist?
Kind of things like that,
how do we make services
better? How do we produce,
you know, compassionate amongst people
so that they feel that
they have some kind of
human connection to trans people.
All of those things I
think are happening right now.
And so hopefully in 20
years, you know, a completely
new, and it sucks to
say that a completely new
identity will be, you know,
people will like find some
interest in trying to eradicate
bigotry and hate surrounding that.
But I think, yeah, you
know, this is definitely a
trans moment and I'm excited
to be a part of
it and see what happens.
So, Yeah, it's amazing. And
you've been actually recognized more
than just nationally. Of course,
you fly all over the
world speaking, but you were
at the white house. I
was following you on Instagram.
And then I saw your
invitation and I saw some
selfies with the president. And
then, you know, you kind
of went, went dark for
a minute there, and then
you were back at the
white house. Again, you went
twice in a month. Yeah.
I went twice in a
week. I, yeah, I flew,
I did an overnight or
red nights ago. I was
invited by the president to
attend the LGBT reception that
he has in his house.
It's so crazy. It's he
has in his house and
I just, one day was
walking home and, you know,
got an email alert and
checked it out. And I
was like, this is like
a joke. Like why would
the president invited me, you
know, that imposter syndrome, people
talk about a lot about
that. I'm not worthy of
being invited. And it's like,
well, actually Courtney, yeah, you've
been doing decades of work.
You are worthy of being
invited to have your work
honored and recognized by, you
know, the president of the
United States. So I went for
that, but I also had
another obligation prior to that.
And that was the white
house held its first ever
LGBT innovation summit, which invited
LGBT entrepreneurs and people in
tech and innovators across industries
who are really focusing on
creating solutions to all the
problems that, you know, the
community experiences. And so I,
as a representative of transac,
along with other founders of
organizations, put our money and
mows together and filled up
the auditorium at the white
house with amazing trans and
queer and lesbian and gay
entrepreneurs and had an amazing
day of, of potential policy
talks and also fireside chats
with people and elevator pitches
where people shared their work
with one another to secure
funding and, you know, formulate
relationships. And then we had
an awesome reception afterwards and
it was just such an
amazing time. So yeah, within
one week I was in,
in Washington, DC at the
actual white house for two
separate events. But I think
the first one hanging out
with the president and drinking
whiskey was awesome. That was
just like, that was amazing.
The second one was super
cool because it was amazing
to, you know, to partner
with other Oregon and make
sure trans people and their
voices were represented at, at
this summit. But yeah, again,
it's just being in the
space in the same room
with the first black president
as a black trans man
from Compton is, you know,
it's amazing to me, I'll
never forget that day. So
W what, what does it
feel like to have so
many likeminded people in one
space, like the density of
people in your space and
your space of ag advocacy,
trans people in one location,
not just such an amazing
location as the white house,
but does that give you
a sense that things are
going to be okay? Does
that give you energy and
buoyancy when you're kind of
feeling lonely or disconnected? Totally.
And, you know, it's like
those moments where, you know,
the world is pretty difficult
and we all have our
issues and we all struggle
too. I think we're all
struggling or working towards being
good people and doing it
things no matter what industry
we're in, but it's always
an important and beautiful and
uplifting and energy recharging or
whatever you want to call
it to be in a
room of people who have
a similar goal and a
similar idea of how to
make our species better, because
yeah. Then, you know, there's
still like, I don't know,
almost 7 billion other people who
disagree with you. Right. And
so it's, it's beautiful to
be in that space. It's
uplifting. It makes you feel
that your work matters in
those times where you feel
crazy and someone tells you
it doesn't, you know, so
definitely. So the goal, of
course, ultimately, whether it be
for someone who's transgendered or
someone who's, cis-gendered like, like
I am, is I think
well said when we say
life, Liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness, people should be
able to go out there,
do good work, receive a
fair wage for that work,
not be homeless and feel
generally, I think the best
word is empowered in doing
what they're doing. And that's
what you're trying to do
with trans hack. And I
understand that you had an
event in Chicago recently, how
did that go? It went
spectacular. It was a fantastic
event. Transac launched last September,
actually. Yeah. We'll be in
existence a year, this September.
So we had our first
event September 13th through the 15th
of 2013. And it was
amazing. We had about 40
plus hackers, about eight speakers,
people who trans people who
work in tech at multiple,
at Google Apple, you had
Janet mock who talked about
her hashtag girls like us.
We had a wide variety
of trans identities and people
came up with some amazing
things, an app, a Yelp
like app, where you can
find resources and rate them
social surveying app website, where
you can Lin your anonymous
information to trans you know,
research studies, which are, is
important because there is a
lack of that on so
many of our lives, but
a lot of trans people
because of privacy issues, don't
feel comfortable being kind of
research subjects for multiple reasons.
And that's, that's awesome. So
things like that have kind
of emerged from the first
couple of events and we
traveled to Las Vegas, just,
you know, really tap into
what's happening to that startup
scene there. And that was
really awesome. And yeah, our
last event was in Chicago
a couple of months ago.
And that was amazing because
we partnered with the trans
100. And so the winners
of this particular hackathon were
able to pitch their, their
app in front of a
live audience that was broadcast
to the world. And in
front of Laverne Cox, who
was the guest speaker. So,
and out of that came,
I want to say like
nine prototypes of multiple apps.
One in particular, which was
featured in wired magazine is
an app called tramp mobile
app called transgress. And it's
a content filtering. Yeah. That
allows you to access pages
that are relevant to the
trans experience that are perhaps
blocked through certain servers or
sites. For example, like, you
know, a lot of schools,
you know, elementary schools or
whatever, if you're doing a
search for transgender, it might
be considered poor, not pornographic
because there, there is a
lot of transport. Isn't much,
there's a lot of non
transport, however, because we're not
yet and a society that
is sometimes separate trends from
sexuality and pornography on those
sites may be blocked. Right?
And so transgress an app
where you can enter that
site into, right. It will
replace words that are blocked
with a symbol, so you
can access that site. And
that's, you know, it's, it's
a basic kind of idea,
but it's really helpful. Didn't
exist before. And it's really
fascinating. I think that one
of the beautiful things that
transact is doing is allowing
other trans developers to have
their work showcase and a
national and international audience in
a ways that haven't been
done before. So that's really
amazing. People have had, there
were again in the wired
magazine wall street journal, we
were mentioning tech crunch and
all these other awesome sites
where people who are not
myself, but if we're doing
other types of amazing development
in the field or getting
shine. So I'm super proud
of that. And that definitely
needs to continue happening. Another,
I'm gonna say one more
thing about th the, the
Chicago event. One really cool
thing that came out of
it is that, that I'm
the winner. Not only being
able to pitch in front
of Laverne Cox, but it's
live audiences, but they developed
a it's called rad remedy.
And it's a database where
people can rate potential trans
health care providers, which is
awesome. And these are, it's
a database of health care
providers that are specifically grocery
trans individuals. There was all
of this data that was
sitting on the internet in
a file, a CSV file
of surgeons or surgeons or
medical providers who did, you've
worked with the trans community.
It was just sitting there.
And so this took it
and went through all the
files and erase people who
no longer practice or who
had since passed on. So
they updated the information. And
now they've in the process
of making an actual organization.
They just got their actual
business license and everything last
week. So they're an actual
new trans based organization that
grew out of winning trans
hoc. And so things like
that are just quite amazing.
I think in terms of
the impact that transac has,
has done. And not only
is shifting conversations of diversity,
but actual producing and Mo
you know, startup nonprofits, right.
So it's quite, quite awesome.
Very empowering. I mean, that's,
that's the point. I think
that there's a lot of
people who are, who might
be thinking, gosh, why do,
why do trans people need
their own hackathon? I don't,
I don't have a random,
I don't have straight white
guy hackathon. Why do I,
you know, we have those
they're called hackathons. Exactly. You
know, we do those things
because they empower us why
shouldn't different slices of people
who are different, interested in
different things, be able to
create empowering tools that will
help them. This is a,
this is a, a, a
week, a week parallel. It's
a hardly a parallel. So
I hesitate to give the
example, but I'm a, you
know, I'm a type one
diabetic, I take three or
four different shots, you know,
injections every day to keep
me alive. I'm on an
insulin pump. I've got different
implants. All of these things
work together to keep me
alive. And they are something
though that it's not, you
can't look at me and
tell that I have this
problem, but I interact with
people a lot of times
that here diabetic. And then
they start telling me things
about my life and how
I operate in order to
what you're taking. You can't
have that cake. Can you,
or, Oh, well, my dad's
diabetic. I understand how that
works. Even worse when those
people are in a position
of power or position of,
of, of medical power or
a doctor. And I'm actually
going to be speaking at
a diabetes conference in front
of a bunch of diabetes
educators who are themselves not
diabetic. And one of the
things I'm going to talk
about is that you are
our allies. You are our
helpers, but make no mistake
at three in the morning
when I'm having a blood
sugar issue or for the
last 20 years, as I
have lived the diabetic experience,
I know more about this.
You may have a master's
in diabetes education. You're still
not a diabetic. And that
can apply to deaf communities,
diabetes communities, multiple sclerosis, anyone
who has a unique thing
or multiple unique things. So
when you get into the
space of, of allies, there's
this term allies where someone
is there to help the
LGBTQ community, are they more
trouble than they're worth? I
mean, are non trans people
trying to help trans people
not required? Not No, its
allies are always useful. I
think the thing with allies
is that a lot of
people don't really there's, you
know, multiple definitions of what
it means to be an
ally out there. There's multiple
definitions of what power and
privilege are. I think that
when there's any type of
allyship or ally relationship, all
those things need to be
transparent. And those and transparency
is not from the initial
point of being like, I'm
an ally to this community.
There needs to be trust
built. And so there's always
these stumbling blocks, right? So
it's not, if allies are
more trouble than they're worth,
it's just that I think
that we don't, I don't,
I mean, I'm trying to
be diplomatic with answering this
question because people see me
as yes, exactly. Someone who,
who critiques allies often. And
I think that I am
not one critiques allies often.
I think that I critique
again, what it means to
be an ally and addressing,
you know, like what you're
saying, like who has power,
because one can say, I
can relate to your experience
and I want to help
your experience out. But then
there's also allies. I think
I'm going to speak for
your experience. I know your
experience better than you do
my best. Friend's such and
such, or, you know, I'm
not, but I have access
to. And I think it's
important. One things that allies
have to remember, whichever community
you're you're aligning yourself with
is that you're sending behind
if community, you have their
back, literally you're not their
front. And when you have
someone's back, when you have
someone's back, you, you know,
you're, you're letting them leave,
but they can turn around
and ask you for help.
Right. They can be, you
know, you know, you got
my back, let me ask
you, you have resources. Cause
you know, let me use
our resources, but I gotta
lead still because I know
this better than you. And
so I think that that's
an important way for allies
to kind of position themselves,
remember that their voices are
important and that they are
very helpful, but that you
have to allow others to
lead with that. You can
use your resources to help
them become more efficient leaders.
Of course. So, Yeah, I
definitely, I appreciate that, that
imagery, that the, you know,
a line of individuals, you
know, marching forward to take
control of their situation and
their reality and I'm behind
them and they can turn
around and call on me
and I can be like,
you can do it. Let's
go, let's go. But I
shouldn't be taking the sign
and stepping in front of
the line and saying, let's
go everyone this way. And
allies though, they mean, well,
and not just allies, but
also friends. It seems like
there's this, this is concept
of microaggressions and in the
trans community, this idea of
mis-gendering and you wrote a
piece for model view culture,
and we actually had Shanley
and some of the folks
from model view culture on
a couple of months ago
where people have you, when
meeting you for the first
time, how do you deal
with that? Where this is
clearly a person that means
well, but they're really not
meaning well right now. Exactly.
I guess it's first, the
first step is for me
to have that like one
nanosecond of debating, whether they
mean well, or if they're
intentional. And I say that
because a lot of people
who follow my work, know
who I am and they'll,
I, you know, I don't
always say I'm trans, I'm
trans I'm trans, but I
think that in some spaces,
people know that I'm transgender.
Right? And so upon meeting
me in person to deny
me of the identity that
I, you know, that I
publicly represent myself for people
who say, Oh, I, you
know, I follow your work
and you do all this,
you follow my work, then,
you know, I don't use
a, for lack of a
better term. So don't be
mad at me, people feminine
pronouns. And I'm using that
with scarecrows, everybody. So I
don't use that. Right. I
use he, him Courtney. And
so, and that's been for
quite some time now. And
so sometimes I have to
sit with myself and like,
is it intentional because bigotries
intentional. I, I don't think
it's, it's subconscious, but I
think there's also moments where
people are just being intentionally
malicious. Right. And I'm not
going to deny that from
people who miss Jen who
purposefully mis-gender trans people, but
then there's also, yeah. There's
people who are just ignorant.
So I, you know, it
hurts and you know, but
I also don't want it
to happen again. So I
have to step up and
educate them when I don't
want to educate them because
it depends on my safety
for one and my dignity
for, you know, another and
just also being able to
work with me in the
future. I can't work with
people who, who see me
as somebody that I'm not.
So, Yeah, that's, that is
a difficult thing. I think
for people who are cis-gender
to remember that, you know,
sexuality and gender identity and
these things are, are all
different. And if some of,
you know, if someone feels
mis-gendered then refer to them
by the gender that they
prefer to be referred to
and move on with your
life, it's real, pretty straight
forward. I wanted to end
on a discussion that you've
got another business venture. You
like, I like that you
said that you were a
hacker, even though I said,
you mentioned you weren't a
programmer, you've been basically hacking
the system for, for years.
Not just whether it be
film and speaking, but in,
in business space you have
a new business venture. Yes.
I, after a transaction cargo,
it was Cole organized by,
by Tiffany. Michael was my
co founder of black star
media right now, but she
co-organized transaction Chicago with me.
And she was working at
dev bootcamp, Chicago at the
time after the amazingness, that
was transaction cago. We, she
actually, she approached me and
was like, I really want
to work with you again,
I'm thinking of, you know,
needs to be a space
specifically for folks of color
to, you know, have learn
and kind of acquire entrepreneurial
tools, you know, a different
kind of space and like,
yeah, there isn't really right.
There's, you know, we can
go to websites and people
will get five tips and
all of these different things,
but there's really no space
in which people of color
see themselves reflected as educators
of honor when you were
at curriculum and as consumers
of entrepreneurial curriculum. Right? And
so we're trying to address
that problem because we really
think it's important that education,
that really increased wealth specifically
in communities of color and
particularly amongst blacks folks, that
location is important, but it
is important for it to
come from people who represent
who you are, who look
like you. Right? And there's
a number of studies that
we can go into. The
hot shows that, you know,
a lot of people in
tech talk about how diversity
is important and they spout
off studies about how companies
with more diverse, you know,
executive boards or whatever, you
know, make more money. Right.
I think the same thing
goes with in a different
way with black entrepreneurship, you
have to really foster this
diversity of black and it
an image of people of
color, where they are leaders,
but they also educate one
another. So also to, to
really increase any type of
sustainability in the community. So
that's what we're focused on.
And our company is called
Blackstar media and blaster media
existed. Oh, it has been
in existence over a decade.
And all my film work
has been produced under that,
but now we're shifting it
to really focusing, focusing on
helping creative founders there's do
their thing. So cool. So
that encompasses interactive. It's a
complete kind of full service
agency almost. Yeah. It's a
complete full service agency. We
do. We're doing research about
black entrepreneurship. We're doing online
and onsite of courses. We
did our soft launch, July 28th,
where I gave a course
about how people with research
based degrees can build a
public image, right. A public
brand, because many of us
in the Academy, we follow
this, this pathway of fighting
for tenure ship, or, you
know, this would be right.
We publish and we do
all of these things. And
then we have these degrees.
We can't get a job
because of the draconian tenure
system. I'm also because of
racism, right? We're we also
have people who do beside
our tenure, who don't look
like us, no matter how
hard we work, academic success
is not afforded to all
of us. And it's also
a hostile environment for many
of us to be in
when I'm talking specifically about
the Academy. Right? And so
many of us seek outside.
Like I want to be
an entrepreneur, but I don't
know how to. And the
amazing thing is, is that
we've already spent all these
years developing our writing skills,
developing our research skills, developing
your art skills or persuasion
and argumentation, which are so
integral to being any type
of entrepreneur. So Menard was
based on that and really
focusing on again, research based
degrees and how you can
become an entrepreneur with your
degree. So we're, we're really
trying to shift what it
means to be a black
entrepreneur. And again, yeah, like
I said before, hacking the
system hacking education. So that's
fantastic. Well, thanks so much
for chatting with me today.
Thank you. We will put
up in the show notes,
links to dr. Ziegler's site
and transact.org. You can learn
all about dr.  work
online. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes. We'll
see you again next week.